add: actions redirect to improvement & turbo option (#74)
avo-hq/avodocs: docs/2.0/actions.md

end
```

> :::info
> If action is redirecting to an external link check the `turbo` option.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
If you're redirecting to an external link you should add the `self.turbo = false` option in order to bypass [Turbo's navigation](https://turbo.hotwired.dev/handbook/drive#disabling-turbo-drive-on-specific-links-or-forms).
:::
```
